strategy is really just an integrated
set of choices that outline how you're
going to win in whatever Marketplace you
choose right and so a good product
strategy is going to answer questions
like what's your sort of winning
aspiration but maybe more importantly
where are you going to play you know
what are the markets you're going to go
after what are the segments of those
markets what are the personas in the
segments of those markets and then how
are you going to win with a target
audience
welcome to Lenny's podcast where I
interview world-class product leaders
and growth experts to learn from their
hard-won experiences building and
growing today's most successful products
today my guest is Annie Pearl Annie is
currently Chief product officer at
calendly before that she was Chief
product officer at Glassdoor and before
that she was director of product
management at box
she's also a member of skip a community
or chief product officers and she's on
the board of two different companies in
our conversation we cover a lot of
ground including how calendly builds
product how calendly has grown including
the wild story of how they got their
first thousand users and also how they
built a sales team on top of what
historically has been a very product-led
Growth Company Annie also shares a ton
of great advice on how to get into
product management I learned a ton from
Annie and I know you old too and he also
shares a few killer tips for using
calendly which I loved and so with all
that I bring you any Pearl through a
short word from our wonderful sponsors
today's episode is brought to you by
Nero an online collaborative whiteboard
that's designed specifically for teams
like yours I have a quick request head
on over to mymeraldboard at miro.com
Lenny and let me know which guests you'd
want me to have on this year I've
already gotten a bunch of great
suggestions which you'll see when you go
there so just keep it coming and while
you're on the mirror board I encourage
you to play around with the tool it's a
great shared space to capture ideas get
feedback and collaborate with your
colleagues on anything that you're
working on for example with Miro you can
plan out next quarter's entire product
strategy you can start by brainstorming
using sticky notes Library actions a
voting tool even an estimation app to
scope out your team's Sprints then your
whole distributed team can come together
around wireframes draw ideas with a pen
tool and then put full mocks right into
the mirror board and with one of miro's
ready-made templates you can go from
Discovery and research to product
roadmaps to customer Journey flows to
final mocks all the in Miro head on over
to miro.com to leave your suggestions
that's miro.com Lenny
this episode is brought to you by Coda
you've heard me talk about how Coda is
the doc that brings it all together and
how it can help your team run smoother
and be more efficient I know this
firsthand because Coda does that for me
I use Coda every day to Wrangle my
newsletter content calendar my interview
notes for podcasts and to coordinate my
sponsors more recently I actually wrote
a whole post on how CODIS product team
operates and within that post they
shared a dozen templates that they use
internally to run their product team
including managing a roadmap their okr
process getting internal feedback and
essentially their whole product
development process is done within
Dakota
if your team's work is spread out across
different documents and spreadsheets and
a stack of workflow tools that's why you
need Coda Toto puts data in one
centralized location regardless of
format eliminating roadblocks that can
slow your team down Coda allows your
team to operate on the same information
and collaborate in one place take
advantage of this special limited time
offer just for startups sign up today at
coda.io Lenny and get a thousand dollar
startup credit on your first statement
at coda.io Lenny to sign up and get a
startup credit of one thousand dollars
coda.io Lenny
Annie welcome to the podcast thanks for
having me Lenny super excited to be here
I've been a big fan of yours from afar
we've crossed paths a little bit on
reforge on Twitter probably been at
events that maybe we didn't know each
other at yet so I'm really excited to
finally be chatting sort of real life in
real time at least me as well I've got a
calendly question to kick things off
it feels like with Callum Lee one of the
most awkward elements of it is I have to
like put the burden on someone else to
book account list so I'm sending a link
and I haven't figured out a good way to
send it to someone without it coming
across like a power move so my question
to you is how do I set a calendly to
someone without it feeling bad
all right well I love this question to
kind of kick us off we actually have a
whole blog post about this if you're
curious to learn more but I think at a
high level I think I recommend first
really just kind of opening the door for
the person you're trying to schedule
time with to share their availability
first right so instead of just sending
the link I usually start the email with
something like you know looking forward
to connecting feel free to share
sometimes you're available or if easier
you can choose you know to find time on
my calendar using the calendar link here
so opening the door to let them choose
before you offer up your channel link I
think is you know a little bit of a
subtle way to let them take the lead if
they want the second piece I would
recommend too is once you kind of open
that door you can kind of further reduce
the effort on the recipient by adding
times you're available directly in the
email so when you go to share a Cali
link there's an option to add times to
email and you can then just paste those
directly into the email you're creating
so that reduces yet another sort of
point of friction to ask the user to
click the link and you know get taken to
account only so opening the door and
then you know adding times to email are
two things that I do to really make sure
that it's not awkward and it doesn't put
the burden on the other person that is
awesome advice that first one is kind of
what I ended up doing actually that's
really interesting where you don't send
the link immediately you first just ask
okay send me your account only and
actually always say send me your
calendly like I don't even I assume
that's what they're using it's kind of
funny I'm not even like anyone else is
out there that's good that's what we
like to hear yeah absolutely it's like
its own word now okay that was awesome
oh look at this already actionable
advice for anyone listening a sweet
transitioning a little bit to product
the main focus of our chat
you transitioned into product from being
a lawyer
you told me at one point that a lot of
people ask you for advice about how to
transition into product from other
functions especially non-technical
functions someone without a technical
background so what advice do you give
people for when they ask you how to
transition into a product role I got you
know what I'll call Lucky which is I
kind of stumbled into product management
after law school joined the founding
team of a startup and you know ended up
doing product management there but when
I think about folks who are looking to
get their product management I think
there's really two paths I think one is
kind of more formal in nature right
there's associate product manager
programs out there and many you know
scaled companies Google meta all have
APM programs that you can formally apply
to and actually when we were at box much
earlier Stage Company than either of
those companies I just mentioned we
actually created a an API program to
help grow our bench of more two year PM
so I think you can actually find APM
programs even at smaller earlier stage
companies than even on a big Tech so
that's one it's just formal APM programs
I think another kind of more
quote-unquote formal way to get into PM
is really by I just you know directly
applying to a junior PM role where
there's no expectation of any sort of
experience I've usually seen this work
best when you're kind of already working
somewhere in some sort of product
adjacency you know maybe you're in
Customer Support implementation or maybe
you're a sales engineer but you can kind
of look at the internal you know job
board and find Junior PM roles that are
posted and that's a one way to make the
move so that's kind of on the formal
side like APM programs and just applying
via internal job boards I think on the
informal side really two suggestions
here the first one is to kind of seek
out opportunities to kind of Shadow or
partner closely with with a product
manager and maybe even offer to take on
some work so some of the kind of best
PMS that I've brought over to product
from kind of other functions they really
start by expressing interest in product
and then like start partnering closely
with the product manager and maybe even
doing a little bit of product work
before they make that transition and one
kind of tactical suggestion is there's
oftentimes companies will have subject
matter expert programs where they want
to pair someone from a go to market
function with a certain product squad or
a certain product area and so that's you
know becoming a Smee it will allows you
to really get more involved and embedded
into the product team so that's that's
one suggestion and then maybe last one
is just you know going the path I did
which is joining an early stage startup
there's really use really an expectation
that everyone's going to get their hands
dirty doing a lot of different things
and so I think that's one way where you
might have an opportunity to you know
try product management if you end up
kind of joining an early stage company
so the four maybe it was four maybe it
was more paths that you described join
an APN program what was the second one
again internal job board apply to it
when you're in the company as just like
a junior PM twos find someone that kind
of like mentors you and helps you start
doing the role and is that internal kind
of is that the internal Transfer app
yeah exactly and then another sort of
flavor of that is you know sometimes
companies will have these sort of Snee
programs what is a Smee program a
subject matter expert so you know you'll
say hey I want to make sure we have
subject matter expert in our CS team on
this area of the product and they'll
partner really closely with you know the
product manager and designer within that
area got it and then the fourth bucket
is join a startup start doing PM work
and then you end up being a PM which are
those four do you find most common and
would you push people in One Direction
or another yeah you know I I've brought
a lot of folks over internally through
the through the path of someone's really
interested in product they express
they're interested they want to help
they want to learn they're eager they're
curious and so they make that really
well known and they're even willing to
you know do some work on the side to
help out and really show and demonstrate
the skills before they have the job so
I've seen that one to actually probably
bring bring the most folks over in my
role in terms of being on the product
leadership side on the APM program route
are there any APN programs you recommend
because you know I'm sure people hear
this and they're like yeah but I don't
know where to apply I don't know which
ones are good I don't know if you have a
list but just like what comes to mind is
like APM programs to go pursue you know
the the sort of the folks who started it
all was was Google right with the Google
APM program and you know meta obviously
has a pretty strong robust APM program
but as I mentioned around box I think
you know those are obviously very very
competitive and most people want to get
into them it you know it may be better
to try and find a company like a box or
a company that's a bit earlier stage not
as scaled to think about looking at
those APN programs and I'm sure if you
want to go to glassdoor.com where I used
to work at Glassdoor so I had to you
know throw that in there uh you could
search for associate product manager and
I think you'll find a whole host of open
roles that you might be able to apply to
that is a cool tip I haven't heard of
that go to Glassdoor and search for APM
so you search for companies that have an
APM like title yep you could just
associate product manager and you'll see
all the open jobs out there and then go
apply to them that's cool okay good tip
what I find and you mentioned this like
the best if you have the option is to
internal transfer you're right if you're
just like another function you find
someone that can help you move into the
role yep you have the relationships you
you know you can show you can show your
work really well the other thing I would
say is you know when I think about folks
who have successfully transferred over I
think they tend to have a couple
characteristics right they're usually
very curious they tend to be really
passionate about the product and kind of
solving customer problems and sometimes
they've even like tinkered with a side
project as a way to cut a Holland RPM
skills so I think as you're thinking
about making that transition those types
of characteristics really showing
eagerness and interest in in the product
itself and solving customer problems are
also great ways to get noticed and
increase your chances why do you think
it is that not more companies have an
APM program feels like such a win for so
many people why is it just so rare yeah
I think when we built this hitbox so
kind of drawing on that experience is a
lot of work right you want to if you're
gonna do it you want to do it really
well and you want to create an
environment where you can help the
associate product managers be successful
you know the goal is to ultimately
graduate everyone from the APM program
into being a product manager and so I
think it takes a lot of attentionality
and for us it took a lot of you know a
lot of work right we had to make sure we
had Clarity around the interview process
we had to make sure we had cleared
around expectations in the role we
wanted to have a training element we
wanted to make sure that again we're
setting people up for Success so I think
companies have to be at a stage of scale
where they can really invest and have
the excess capacity to build the program
in a way I think that's going to help
make sure everyone who comes through it
has a chance at really learning growing
and ultimately being successful that's
the same thing we found at Airbnb
there's a PM that was so excited to like
make the APN program and just just never
really happens just take so much work
and to your point you have to set up for
Success you want to make sure there's
clear paths and what do you when do you
upgrade to a regular piano and how do
you interview and you know and are we
doing you know is this really an APM
program for internal folks is this
external you know are we going to be
really trying to promote this so I think
there's a lot of ancillary activities
around the actual program itself that
have to be taken into consideration to
make sure that it is actually very
successful
yeah maybe at last point we should
probably imagine you agree with is
generally just hard to get into product
management that's like the default
there's just like not that many roles at
companies versus say Engineers or some
other functions so I think that's just
like there are not that many roles it's
like a difficult role to break into but
these are the ways you can do it if you
actually want to that's right
okay so I want to transition a little
bit to talking about calendly there's
kind of two areas I want to go one is
just how do you build product
accountantly what have you learned about
product development and team building
and then two talk about how Cal only
grows and what you've learned about
growing a product like calendly it's
such an interesting product especially
from a growth perspective
so to start on just how product is built
at calendly just a little context like
how many product managers are there and
yeah how many PMS are there how many
people total roughly just give us a
little bit let's see when I joined about
two years ago I think the company was
about 150 people and I think we're about
600 now and then the product team worked
out there were about 15 product managers
and designers when I joined again about
two years ago and I think were around 60
uh this year wow so 60 product managers
product managers designers and research
team yeah got it what about just like
PMS
pianos probably my guess is
20. cool 20ish yeah cool and then can
you talk about how the product theme is
structured roughly like if you think
about a tree recharge tree so we have as
I mentioned we've got product managers
we have designers we have a research
team and then product operations and
then on my product leadership team we
have a head of design head of research
head of product operations and then
within the product management team I
have leaders across core across
Enterprise and platform
got it so you manage the design team and
engineering team you said not
engineering design product and research
yeah got it something that I find is one
of the big differences between product
orgs is design reporting up to a product
leader versus not what's the rationale
there and then has County tried a
different approach yeah so when I was at
Glassdoor in the CPO role I had the
opportunity to lead design for the first
time so coming into County I had led
both product and design as well as
research and so I think you know it kind
of made sense given I'd already done it
once to sort of keep that structure
coming into calendly I think at the end
of the day the the real benefit of of
the structure is really to say you know
we want to be thinking about everything
we're doing through the lens of the
end-to-end user experience and so if we
have you know product managers who are
really prioritizing the problems we're
going to go after and we've got
designers who are really trying to think
about how do we you know bring solutions
to life to solve those problems having
both of those functions roll into one
person just really allows us to think
more holistically around the end-to-end
user experience so certainly can work
where you have product and design
reporting into you know sort of
different leaders that ultimately report
into the CEO but when you you know get
to this level of scale from just a pure
people management but also just the
scale of the business you know you often
see this consolidation where product and
design start to roll into one leader and
you know at least if in my experience I
think it can help ensure that all the
the different pieces of work are kind of
integrated well together and ultimately
deliver you know better experience for
customers so it sounds like before you
joined it wasn't like that and if that's
true was there like something that
improved with that shift so the
structure was there that way at the time
we didn't have a head of design so we
had a you know a lot of really great
individual contributors and who had been
many of whom had been with the company
for for quite some time and really
contributed to the great user experience
that existed in the product but we
didn't have a design leader so one of
the first leadership hires I made was to
bring in a head of design to really
build out that function and then that
you know head of design is is sort of a
peer partnering with the different heads
of products across the product
management organization as well what
about in terms of those structure
whatever you can share like one level
below like how do you structure teams is
it around outcomes is it around features
of the product is it around type of
persona how do you think about that yeah
so we have you know core team who's
really responsible for the core you know
end-to-end user experience and you know
in many ways they're both building you
know doing feature development and then
they're also doing Growth work right so
they're they're thinking about how do we
build new features and functionalities
to help our core personas which is
typically folks who are in sales
recruiting and customer success so
anyone in an externally facing role
we're really trying to help them do
their jobs better so the core teams
thinking about features and
functionalities to to really help our
core end user Persona and then you know
Growth work to think about the the plg
funnel right everything from acquisition
activation conversion and retention
that's one group and then second group
is our kind of quote-unquote Enterprise
Group and they're really thinking about
two different personas one is the sort
of it admin uh right the sort of person
who needs to make sure that calendly is
secure and that they have all the
reporting mechanisms to be able to
manage their account and all the tools
to you know manage users and groups at
scale and the second piece of that is
also kind of departmental leaders right
so as calendly selling into or being
used by a sales organization the head of
sales is not the it admin but they are a
kind of you know a teams admin who needs
to manage their organization within
calendly so the Enterprise Group really
thinks both about the admin but also
sort of the Departments and how do we
better serve departments and then lastly
we have a platform team who's really
thinking about you know how do we embed
calendly into the business processes of
the organizations that we support and
that we you know provide our product
into and so that's everything from you
know Partnerships and Integrations to
our apis interesting so it's kind of
like problem
focused slash Persona Focus like who are
you trying to sell it to that's right
that's right yeah trying to sell to and
then sort of the Persona of who's going
to be using the functionality and then
you know really having those teams hone
and own those personas as they're you
know developing functionality within the
product what's your take on okrs do you
all use okrs in some form yes we do we
use akrs both at the company level so we
have three main okrs that we're focused
on for this year for example across the
whole company and then we have
Department level okrs many of which are
in support of the company uh level okrs
but then you know there's additional
things that we'll be doing at the
department level for example that aren't
going to show up at the company level so
yeah we use them both at the company as
well as on the product side is there
anything you've learned about making
okrs work there's a very uh people love
them people hate them is there something
you do to make your cares work some
you've changed some of you've learned
over time and how to work with who cares
yeah you know when I first joined I'd
say we you know we didn't have this
muscle well built out right we we didn't
really have a clear product strategy at
the time or clear okrs guiding the work
and so there was a lot of great work
happening but it really it was unclear
how it all kind of fit together or how
we were going to measure success and
that works that was kind of a first
phase I think the second phase for us
was we developed a product strategy we
then had product team okrs that
corresponded to the to that product
strategy but they were really contained
to the product team and each department
across the organization had their own
kind of siled okrs and then phase three
where really I'd say we headed into this
year we have a really clear set as I
mentioned of company okay hours and then
these really tightly integrated plans
across the company around how we're
gonna support the key results and
ultimately you know deliver on the
objectives and this has been a really
incredible transformation of dependency
mapping uh you know being able to make
sure that we're pulling all the levers
across the organization to drive our
most important objective so I think it's
just a kind of maturing of the business
from almost you know no okrs to product
team okrs to now company okrs in a
really tight planning process to make
sure there's a lot of integration across
the company to support what we need to
do as a business so what I'm hearing is
one of the biggest changes in learnings
was to connect our carers across from
the top to the bottom right absolutely
absolutely is there anything else that
has made a big impact on your ability to
build and ship and execute as a company
in terms of like changes you've made in
terms of how the company and how the
teams build I think one of the biggest
changes that you know we've made when I
first joined again we we had a product
that served a lot of horizontal users
right we help solo users who are
Freelancers Consultants we help you know
sales teams we help recruiting teams we
help customers success we help folks in
education so as a very broad user base
and what that means is that product
managers in particular I think had a
really hard time prioritizing right at
any point in time it was really
difficult to say should I do you know
work on feature a or for future B
without that Clarity and so I think the
one of the most impactful things we did
pretty early on in my tenure here was to
hone in on overall our overall product
strategy but a poor piece of that being
what's the actual Market we're going
after what are the segments of that
market who are the personas within the
segments of that market and so we've
made a pretty you know a pretty clear
distinction now that while a lot of the
feature work that we'll do to support
our Target personas of sales teams
customer success teams and recruiting
teams will impact folks who are not in
those personas those are the core icps
that we're going after and so you know
historically that would have been always
a sort of a trade-off decision and a
question and now I think we have a lot
of rigor around who the target do you
know who our target market and their and
then Persona we're going after and so
teams can use that to prioritize and
also just deliver better value for those
users
so it sounds like the biggest unlock and
one of the biggest unlocks for making
the team more efficient move faster make
decisions quicker is narrowing in on
exactly who you're going to be selling
to I think it's one of the harder things
for companies to do uh so it sounds
relatively easy and I think most
companies believe that they have Clarity
around this but then when you go you
know down into the weeds of you know
asking someone who's product manager or
a designer you know I don't know that
it's always as clear because there's
there's always a bit of a hesitation to
say no right and the idea is saying no
is scary when in reality the ability to
say no is going to allow you to make
sure you're building something that's
going to be amazing for the people that
matter most and not something that's
going to be you know average or okay for
a lot of different people
was there anything that was really hard
about actually executing that like
convincing people we're gonna narrow and
not worry about these people and any
lessons from going through that process
because I imagine a lot of Founders
listening are like oh that sounds we
should be doing this but oh man we're
leaving all this money on table people
are gonna be pissed yeah I think it's a
pretty big cultural shift so some of
this intersects with the shift from
product LED growth to adding in kind of
a sales motion so you know when I joined
calendly all of our error came from our
plg Channel we didn't have a you know a
sales team we just hired a cro who's
going to build out a sales team and so
you know in that world the way you think
about product the way you think about
processes even the people you have on
the team are tailored to that business
model and then as we sort of moved up
market and have now you know explicitly
started to one you know go after teams
of users and Departments of users and
and organizations of larger scale
everything about people process and
product all changes right I touched on
culture because I think that's pervasive
across the entire organization the way
that things get done you know has to be
highly integrated versus can be a bit
more siled when you're just you know
sort of the self-service plg business
that in many ways runs itself through
the product being well optimized so you
know there's a lot of process change
that needs to happen the type of people
that you need to bring into the
organization that changes as you layer
in you know the new selling motion and
then the product itself of course has to
change so I guess let's just say the
example of plg and SLG or the direct
selling motion is you know tying to your
question around what are the things that
need to change in order to get clear on
on your sort of your target user and I
think it's highly cultural in nature
across people across process and even
and then obviously across the actual
product itself I have a whole bunch of
questions about how can only grows and
maybe we just get into some of the stuff
because I imagine a lot of people are
interested first let me ask this imagine
can only mostly grows through I sign up
for countley I send it to everyone when
I book a meeting they're like oh what is
this and they're like oh cool I'm gonna
use this and then they start using it
spreads and then sales eventually
find people at a company that are using
it a lot and tries to get the whole
company is that roughly right yeah 70 of
our signups come through that Viral Loop
that you referred to and then of those
sign ups then you know they're usually
solo users and then they start to invite
team members in and then you know the
team starts using calendly and then
usually the you know head of that team
either inbounds to us or we you know
have some sort of pql data to know we
should go after that that
team lead to try and have a have a
conversation around you know expanding
calendly across their entire
organization in pql product qualified
lead right you got it yep wow what a
what a loop what a magical way to grow
that everybody wishes they could it's
pretty incredible I will say no man okay
so going back to the question when did
Colony hire their first salesperson like
any learnings about just how to start
down that road once you yeah once you
start you know as I mentioned when I
joined two years ago we just hired our
first cro and uh the plg business really
represented you know 99 of our error and
then over the last two years we've you
know scaled the sales team and our SLG
motion or sales LED growth motion now
represents about 20 of our ARR and it's
actually the fastest growing segment of
the business I think there's probably
two things I would touch on in terms of
early sales hires I think the first is
you know when you're making that
transition from plg to adding in the
sales let motion
um because you're starting from plg it
tends to be much more inbound in nature
right you've got these sales reps who
are working leads who have usually
proactively reached out interested or as
I mentioned pqls you know they have data
to tell them that this is a you know
someone who has usage within their team
and therefore we should reach out and so
that's a very different profile of a
sales team member than you might need
after you know you you need to pursue
more of a heavy outbound motion more of
like a hunter profile than a grower
profile so I think that's the first
piece is just make sure you're you know
you sort of you think about the the
motion when you're moving towards a
sales lab model in those early days it's
more inbound in nature and so the type
of sales reps you might need are not
necessarily going to be you know
outbound heavy kind of hunting uh sales
reps just one quick question on that
actually because that's really
interesting
I don't know how involved during hiring
these folks but is it like look at their
background and they've worked at a
company like that or is it a personality
type like is there anything to look for
specifically there yeah I think it's
mostly background and the type of
selling that they've done previously
um more so than than personality type
but in the second I think the second
piece that's important too and I'll
answer your question on that one too
which is the target buyer so when you
transition from kind of plg to sales LED
or you know adding this direct sales
motion the buyer is usually just the
department head right it's the head of
sales it's the head of revovs it's the
head of recruiting and it's not you know
a senior person in it or the CIO and so
selling into this audience is different
than selling into it and so I think you
have to be sure again that you have the
right fit of sales folks uh with the
target buyer in those early days and so
in the to your to your question around
what's that mean you know you wouldn't
necessarily want to bring on a bunch of
sales folks who are you know at Oracle
right who are heavy in selling into cios
in their early days because that's just
not who you're the buyer is going to be
and you think we'll you know graduate
there eventually but it's probably going
to start from Team lead to someone in
I.T to eventually you know a cio-led
purchase but that's you know that's
certainly several years away and so
making sure that the the profile of the
folks you're bringing on early match
that Target buyer in addition to match
the motion around how you're going to be
acquiring you know customers
and to see that is it similar you look
at the companies they worked at like
it's like plg-ish definitely yeah
exactly yep okay so along the same lines
as a product leader working with a
strong and large sales team
anything you've learned about just how
to build that relationship and build a
product drawing that works really
closely and well with a sales org the
first piece it really starts with is
customer you know empathy and at the end
of the day seeing the sales team and the
go to market seam as this really great
asset that can help you as a product
manager get closer to the customer so
I've certainly seen organizations or
been in organizations where you know the
product team you know doesn't
necessarily want to be bothered by sales
but I sort of flip that on the head and
say sales and sort of the go to market
teams in general could be your biggest
asset to helping you get your job done
well when I was at box I was a product
manager on the Enterprise team and I
spent a ton of time in the field and you
know I don't know how I would possibly
know how to have what to have built or
how to build it to solve the needs of
our customers if I didn't have that
close relationship with the sales team
and be able to like you know lean on
them because they're talking to 10x
among more customers that I was able to
ever talk to within any given week
really lean on them to be the voice the
customer to help you know me make the
best product decisions that I could
this episode is brought to you by vanta
helping you streamline your security
compliance to accelerate growth if your
business stores any data in the cloud
then you've likely been asked or you're
going to be asked about your sock 2
compliance sock 2 is a way to prove your
company is taking proper security
measures to protect customer data and
builds trust with customers and partners
especially those with serious security
requirements also if you want to sell to
the Enterprise proving security is
essential stock 2 can either open the
door for bigger and better deals or it
can put your business on hold if you
don't have a sock 2 there's a good
chance you won't even get a seat at the
table beginning a sock 2 report can be a
huge burden especially for startups it's
time consuming tedious and expensive
enter vanta over 3 000 fast growing
companies use vanta to automate up to 90
of the work involved with sock 2 vanta
can get you ready for security audits in
weeks instead of months less than a
third of the time that it usually takes
for a limited time Lenny's podcast
listeners get one thousand dollars off
vanta just go to vanta.com Lenny that's
v-a-n-t-a.com Lenny to learn more and to
claim your discount get started today
I'm curious how you prioritize work that
you could be doing as a product team
there's sales people coming at you
there's issues you're probably having
there's the founders wanting to ask you
first do stuff just like you know
classic product management question but
curious if you found any Frameworks or
approaches for just deciding what to
actually build of all the things you're
hearing the core challenge of being a
product manager right just so that that
like I feel like the core job of PM is
just tell people what's next what's the
next thing that's right and hope and
hopefully you have a a good reasoning as
to why that thing right uh you know next
is going to have the biggest impact
which is really where I start you know I
think it really starts with a clear
product strategy that will dictate a few
things and I like this framework that's
taken from a book called playing to win
it talks about how strategy is really
just an integrated set of choices that
outline how you're going to win in
whatever Marketplace you choose right
and so a good product strategy is going
to answer questions like what's your
sort of winning aspiration but maybe
more importantly where are you going to
play you know what are the markets
you're going to go after what are the
segments of those markets what are the
personas in the segments of those
markets and then how are you going to
win with a target audience and so what I
think this framework does kind of
dovetails back to what I was saying
before around prioritization is it
forces you to create Clarity around
where you're going to play and where
you're not Gonna Fly right and so this
really helps the product team kind of
hone in on delivering value for a very
clear set of people versus trying to
build something for everyone and so once
you've established kind of what that
strategy is or what the you know playing
field you're going to go after then I
think you can divide up your product
work and service of that strategy so
I'll give you an example at Galilee we
have the sort of vision Our Winning
aspiration to become the best place to
schedule prepare for and follow up on
your external meetings and then we've
articulated kind of three Horizons
around how we're going to get there now
the year one that I was here the
percentage of resources we spend on sort
of that first horizon and the second
Horizon was about a 70 30 split and we
put zero percent of our resources on
Horizon three that was too far out in
the future and we weren't you know we
didn't want to make any Investments
there quite yet but we knew where we
were going in year two it shifted we
went to like a 50 50 split between
Horizon 1 and Horizon 2 but still no
explicit investments in Horizon 3 and
then you know as we entering to year
three now we've significantly scaled
back the investment in Horizon one
that's about 30 and then we've got 60 in
Horizon 2 and you know call it 10 in
Horizon 3. so I think just to close on
the question of prioritization I think
it starts with a really clear product
strategy which defines where you're
going to play and how you're going to
win and then the work and the percentage
of allocation just should feed right
into that product strategy and and how
you're doing against uh where you need
to be in order to achieve your
ultimately your winning aspiration I
don't know how much you could share here
but is there a feature that is like
people keep asking for it and it hasn't
been built because of the strategy the
long-term Vision something that's like
nope doesn't fit We're not gonna do this
yeah I think the best example I I can
give is you know there's lots of small
businesses and solopreneurs who would
love us to have a venmo integration uh
we have a PayPal integration but you
know our target market that we're really
trying to go after as our primary you
know Persona are as I mentioned these
sort of core icps within organizations
so sales teams recruiting teams customer
success teams and so it doesn't make
sense within those personas to pursue
something like a venmo integration now
there's a lot of things we'll build for
those personas that are going to help
the small business the solopreneur the
freelancer but that's a specific
specific feature or something that would
be clearly de-prioritized given the
current strategy that's an awesome
example
I want to get back to the growth stuff
but before I do that we're kind of on
this topic of planning and who cares and
organization I'd love to know just how
you do planning accountantly like how
far out do you plan in detail how far I
deal road maps how often do you plan
anything you can share there this starts
again uh I sound like a broken record
but with this like really clear strategy
around where we're going over the next
couple of years and then we take that
and we break that down into what are the
most important things we need to do as a
company this year in order to be able to
make the right progress against that
strategy so we have the company level uh
okrs and I mentioned we have about three
of those this year and then those KRS
within the company
um okrs are are measured annually but we
have Milestones across a quarterly basis
so we can measure progress you know more
frequently than obviously on the annual
or a semi-annual basis so I think that's
kind of at the high level and then you
know obviously our product roadmaps are
going to be in support of those key
results that we need to deliver to the
business over the course of the year but
then kind of broken down on a quarterly
basis I think one thing I'll just touch
on real fast on on kind of estimations
and dates something we've done over the
last year is is really kind of moved to
a model of talking about dates and
promising and committing to dates that
are within our control and so if you
think about kind of the product
development life cycle you know we can
commit to a discovery effort of you know
doing research around a certain problem
space and we can have a general sense of
when we know that effort is going to
conclude we don't know if we're going to
actually end up going and based on the
results whether we're actually moving
forward with investing in that area but
that's a a body of work we can commit to
from there we then move into okay if
this is something a problem space we
want to go after we're going to go you
know work on a couple different
solutions and we're going to do some
user testing and we're going to land on
a solution and that's another sort of
phase we can commit to then once we
actually have that completed and we
actually know not just the problem but
the solution we can do estimation
planning and actually have a date for
delivery from an engineering perspective
and so we've gotten a lot better at
making the commitments around the work
that's right in front of us versus
making a commitment around a project six
months out when we haven't even done
enough Discovery enough design and
ideation to have a real clear
understanding of estimation that is
really cool do you have terms for these
phases kind of like these phases you
have to get through these kind of gates
yeah how do you describe that yeah so
the first phase you know we sort of just
call generally Discovery
um the second phase we call kind of
solutioning the third phase build and
then the fourth phase is sort of launch
measure and iterate and then we've we've
kind of designed the product development
life cycle around that framework so
Discovery for example is that like a
roadmap item for a quarter and that's
like what you've committed to and if
that goes well the next quarter has the
next step yeah exactly you got it sweet
okay in terms of the strategy artifacts
how does that look or do you have like a
Google doc with a template that you all
use what does that look like because
what's interesting about
people not working at a company or
working in just one company is they only
have access like strategy documents are
really hard to see and see examples of
so I'm always curious what these look
like so whatever you can share about
what they look like and where you put
them and how long they are and that kind
of thing we have a couple different sort
of layers of this I think the first is
this high level three-year strategy and
this is actually called at the company
level so it's a doc uh it also has
slides that have presented been
presented many times to the company and
we're in the process of sort of making
sure that that is part of new hire
orientation uh so that you know everyone
should understand where we go on over
the next three years and you know then
therefore how does this year's
objectives fit into that so I think
that's at that level and then you know
from there we've got our our product
team okrs these generally start by docs
and we write them in docs they usually
get translated into slides at some point
for presentation purposes to the company
and those are you know sort of stored
centrally in a location and then you
know you kind of get down to the feature
level or or the project level and we
have you know different kind of
templates for the teams to use you know
based on the type of work that they're
going to be doing and we're a pretty
heavy Confluence culture so we tend to
use confluences as one of the tools for
sort of Housing and storing information
around the work that's being done cool
so maybe on that topic what are what
else is in the stack of calendly product
Team Tools we talked about roadmap
planning some combination of starts with
docs there's mural boards involved uh
usually it ends in slides then kind of
actually roadmap tracking we use Aha and
we use airtable collaboration you know
slash communication we use slack we use
Loom bug management we use jira
trying to think of confidence Confluence
yep with confluences when we use quite a
bit pendo uh we use we use quite a bit
of pendo to help you know to help
educate users within the product when
we're launching new features yeah I
think that's the main stack and docs is
Google Docs and slides as Google Slides
you got it yep sweet that's right okay
I'm gonna bounce around and go back to
growth questions and then I have a
couple more product team questions how
did calendly get their first thousand
users sorry a great question I had to to
fact check it with my CEO uh earlier
this morning but there's actually a few
really interesting things about this
story uh and a few things that Tope did
in the early days to get 2 000 users so
for those who aren't familiar Tope our
CEO and founder uh you know started his
career in sales and he spent lots of
years in sales and so he was very used
to the challenges of trying to organize
external meetings with prospective
customers so he knew the problem space
really really well and he had evaluated
kind of all the scheduling solutions
that were on the market and kind of come
to the conclusion that there really any
great products out there and especially
there weren't any great products for the
recipient of the actual booking service
and so I think he saw this as an
opportunity for disruption
um so he rated his 401k he took out all
his savings he didn't hire it he didn't
make he didn't raise any money it's a
lot of penalties
that's a very good point I've never
asked him about that
um and hired an outside development firm
actually in out of the Ukraine to build
the first version of colony so that's
the background accounting why it's
important is that the first 10 users
were actually customer success agents at
a company in an educate in the education
space that contracted with the same firm
that Tope was using to build calendly so
he really found his first set of users
through the firm that he was using to
build the product and then those csms or
you know customer success managers were
actually using Cali to schedule calls
with parents in K-12 and you know K-12
education and so then those parents
started using calendly for their own
parent-teacher conference scheduling and
then from there you know school started
using it and then all the parents within
the school started using it for a lot of
other use cases and it kind of grew
organically from there so that was one
piece I think the other piece that's
really important is that he started off
by you know just having a free tier the
entire product was free some of this
came from honestly not being able to
actually build the billing
infrastructure that would be required to
actually charge so it came a little bit
out of necessity but it was also free So
Not only was it a you know a better
product than the Alternatives out there
but it was also free so the combination
of the viral Loop and kind of coming in
through getting those first 10 10 users
as part of that the firm he was using
and then sort of the free aspect or I
think what what led to the first a
thousand and then you know ten thousand
and millions of users from there that is
crazy I have never heard a story like
that where the team that is building
your product ends up being the source of
initial growth I know pretty crazy yeah
so many nice things happening in the
history of calendly I know and wow
Ukraine so I'm actually from Ukraine and
so nice that's pretty cool yeah they're
great rails aware yeah and it's also
interesting that it's rare that you hear
a successful business starts with
contractor Engineers it's often like I
think YC's like do not do that so that's
a cool counter example if it can
actually work out especially if they're
your first users
you know they are we also we still work
with them and they're fantastic and they
have incredible Engineers so they're
still part of our culture which is great
so Kelly got big in Ukraine sounds like
initially there you go there you go
what's something that would surprise
people in terms of how calendly grows
today or grew through its history
most people probably think about
countley as a drilling link and really
for individual users to reduce the back
and forth of email and scheduling right
so they think of that one-on-one use
case and I think people would be
surprised to learn that our team's
business so multiple users in an
organization who want to collaboratively
schedule together is growing much faster
as in our solo user business and that's
really where the future of where we
think growth will come from is you know
supporting these teams of users who are
in externally facing roles and selling
into departments and supporting
multi-departmental deployments with
Galilee across you know an entire
organization so I think it's still
really well known as this sort of solo
user tool to eliminate the back and
forth of email but the growth of what
we're seeing or where we think it's
going to go is actually more teams of
users and Departments of users and and
then multiple departments in an
organization
it's interesting when you hear the story
of accounting that just has so many good
things happening like basically for free
it's just gross so well I think people
don't realize you eventually will
that'll slow down it'll taper off
eventually you'll need to drive growth
very actively in these new ways that
you're describing and I think people
don't often realize that they just want
to find something that was viral and
then you know things are going to go
great but taper's off yeah you I mean
you get to a there's only so many people
who you know solo users who are going to
pull out a credit card and I think once
you also get to you know hundreds of
millions of dollars of Revenue scale
just the law law of large numbers means
that growth will slow and so you kind of
have to figure out where's that next
growth curve going to come from I think
the the beauty of calendly is that while
we certainly have built features of
functionality to support teams and and
departments we got pulled there right it
wasn't one of those things where we sort
of said we need to find our next growth
lever let's go you know build X our
customers really pulled us there by the
way that they were using the product and
so again a very fortunate position to be
in but when you can kind of see in the
data and see how customers are using it
that they want to be working on you know
scheduling with their teams that was you
know how we sort of sort of Saw early
sign that that's kind of where where the
business was going to go in the future I
don't think I mentioned this I went
paying user of cut of cattle it's what I
use for booking these podcast episodes
you got me I think I started when it was
totally free and I I was like how do
these how will they ever make money this
is too late too much power and then now
now you you learned that um it was free
almost by accident
yep I was like yeah please take my money
this makes my life easier
what are some fun or unique traditions
and cultural kind of components of the
calendly product team
the ones I thought we could talk about
one we have a meeting called oppa which
stands for opportunity problem
opportunity slash problem uh assessment
and so what this is is a meeting where
basically PM's I don't even go to it
it's a meeting for PMS to really debate
and discuss with each other and kind of
Spar around you know either areas and
problems that they want to go
investigate or after they've gotten data
back or research back from evaluating an
opportunity deciding whether we actually
want to move forward and go try to
develop a solution so it's really really
in the product development life cycle of
letting product managers really get into
a room with each other on a frequent
basis and just think there are things
debate discuss and I know that that they
all get a lot of value out of that
reminds me of something just like a bad
version of that I had a friend who's a
PM at Zynga and he said there's a
meeting where PMs present their plans to
all the other PMS he's like it was like
it's like you're like like in a shark
tank where everyone's coming to
destroy you they just point out all the
problems that's all that ever is in this
I would say on this one it's kind of the
opposite where I feel like everyone
really needs the meeting you know
they're like oh I really need to take
this to Oppa because I need to I'm
working through these problems and I
really want to bounce it off of other
people so I think I could imagine a
world where it would be like that
actually part of the reason I don't go
to the meeting is that I really want
everyone to be able to be open and
transparent and provide feedback and not
feel like there's any sort of judgment
from me or any sort of needing to act a
certain way because I'm in the room so
that's sort of why I intentionally don't
go another fun one we do is something we
call competitive work aiming so you know
on a some sort of time interval at times
has been quarterly we'll have assigned
people into groups for the quarter to
own a competitor and their job is to
essentially you know spend a lot of time
immersing themselves into the product of
the competitor really trying to think
through the lens of do a SWOT analysis
really try to Think Through the lens of
where's this uh competitor going and you
know how she can only think about that
and as it relates to our strategy and so
we spent a quarter doing that and then
we have sort of the competitive
wargaming day where every team comes and
presents and there's prizes and it's a
lot of fun but it's a really great way
to stay on top of what's Happening
across the market uh without you know
sort of requiring every product manager
designer to be deep in the weeds of a
lot of different competitors we can kind
of bring all of that knowledge together
through what we call competitive work
gaming that is cool it's really
impressive how you do these exercises
and they're seemingly positive and
friendly and constructive it sounds like
it's kind of a there's a pretty unique
culture accountantly I'm curious if
there's anything else that's kind of
core to the values or the way that you
think about the principles of building
product they can only what I touched on
earlier is really core to how we build
product which is honing in on this
target user and honing in on our target
market I do think it's it's quite rare I
think most organizations that I've seen
I think there's a desire to do that but
I think again when it push comes to
shove it's really hard for executives to
make decisions that say no to things one
of Kelly is actually core principles is
focused wisely it's pretty deeply
embedded into our culture and so I think
it you know one of the reasons that I've
been successful in being able to create
the clarity around who the target
personas are is because I think it's
embedded into the culture of calendly to
focus wisely so I don't know that would
work in every organization I think many
organizations really struggle to say no
and they're kind of you know always
adding more onto the plate versus taking
off but I do think if you you know from
an ethos perspective there is something
around focusing and the ability to focus
to therefore deliver the highest quality
of product that you can to your Target
customers that is unique and I think it
starts with you know some of the broader
cultural paradigms that exist at the
company and then we've now embedded that
into the way we think about how we build
product is there anything else you do to
instill that sounds like it's a core
value
do you put posters around the office so
how else do you keep people focused
we're a fully remote company okay so now
you've got my brain going on are there
you know some sort of virtual sticky
notes that you could get people to put
onto their uh to their laptops to remind
backgrounds yeah exactly yeah it's
embedded into a lot of the documentation
right so it's embedded into the the
templates that I talked about in terms
of when you know even everything from
sort of the way we structure that Opa uh
document that folks are are going to be
you know working on and debating to when
they go to create the actual sort of PRD
you know when teams come in to present
as part of you know sort of our our
product reviews you know we sort of we
have a we have a template that sort of
keeps reinforcing who's the Target
customer who's the target user within
that customer base what are their needs
and how are we going to solve their
needs you know better than any
alternative that there is on the market
so I think there's lots of different
kind of reinforcing uh mechanisms to to
that Focus I feel like sometimes things
like that come from like a big problem
the company had and then it like yo you
index way the other side like Focus
here's the four people we will build for
it becomes like instilled in the culture
and I think you're right right I mean
because Cal only started as such a
horizontal product which was amazing
because that's how it grew so virally
right and so it had the entry the wedge
into scheduling and how we sort of our
first horizon and becoming the best
horizontal scheduling automation
platform was because we had that
horizontal focus and so it was it was a
blessing but as we think about sort of
transitioning to Horizon 2 which is
really about deepening our support for
these you know teams and departmental
users as well as verticals that's I
think the inflection Port where we said
in order to to shift us from Horizon one
to Horizon two we need to be making some
some real trade-off decisions and we
need to create this Focus so that we can
actually allow teams to go do that so I
think it's actually it's a really good
point we sort of had to create Clarity
around Focus because we were trying to
make shift from broad horizontal
platform serving lots of users to a
deeper investment into specific users
and specific teams of users within
departments
before Gallery you were at box before
that you're a glass door
I'm gonna ask two different questions
you can pick which direction you want to
go what would you say are kind of the
biggest differences culturally between
these three like if you had to bucket
here's how I describe plaster box
countley or what did you take from those
two places that kind of that you bring
with you to calendly and future
opportunities I love this question so
they're all different
um which is why I just feel so fortunate
to have had experiences that were we're
all quite different so starting with box
maybe I'll take your second question box
when I joined we were in the process of
moving up market and trying to capture
as much Enterprise market share as
possible and I was on the Enterprise
product management team so I spent a lot
of time as I mentioned earlier talking
to customers in in my first year in
particular trying to ramp on the
business and I'd say my biggest learning
during that time was around how to ask
the right questions to really understand
the why behind what a customer was
asking for and then figuring out how to
build a solution to their problem that
would also meet the needs of a broader
swath of customers it became very clear
early to me if I would just go build
what customer a wanted and what customer
B1 and a customer C wanted Not only
would that be you know wasted effort to
do it three times but more importantly
what they wanted me to go build was
going to have a negative impact on the
end user experience and preserving that
end user experience was so critical so
you know learning how to ask the right
questions to understand the actual
problem and then build the solution
that's going to be most scalable to that
problem set across lots of customers was
probably my biggest learning from box
moving to a Glassdoor totally different
business model right Glassdoor is
actually really more of a consumer
business and you know 60 million unique
users go to Glassdoor everyone then it's
a it's a Marketplace between job Seekers
and employers and it's highly highly
dependent on the consumer engagement
right growing traffic getting that
traffic to come and engage and apply to
jobs and so during my time as CPO there
I was responsible now for both sides of
that marketplace right the consumer
business and the B2B and so I learned
all about you know sort of how do you
build consumer products how do you think
about optimization of a funnel how do
you think about building up a growth
team and and growth as a discipline how
do you use data and a b testing to make
decisions so I think that kind of
consumer mentality and how you approach
product I then have brought with me to
Cowley which is really a blend of both
right uh calendly is first as we've
talked about a plg business and it looks
a lot more like a consumer business like
glass doors and then it's got this
direct selling business that looks a lot
more like boxes Enterprise business so I
think I've been able to take kind of
lessons learned from both box and
Glassdoor and kind of apply them
together to calendly but a cool set of
experiences I'm trying to imagine using
all three in the same day sending
accountantly storing your files in a box
looking at reviews and recruiting and
recruiting yeah yeah not looking for
anything new okay final question you're
part of something called the skip
Community which I believe nikhil and a
few people run and so I'd love to just
hear a little bit about that and maybe
how folks can join if they uh might be a
fit yeah as you mentioned about about
two years ago nikhil uh who is the
former CPO at Credit Karma and is now a
vpa product at meta got a small group of
cpos together who were all kind of going
through similar phases of companies
growth right late stage growth companies
and you know we all were facing the same
challenges in our roles and and he kind
of formalized this community as a way to
help us kind of gather advice from one
another you know talk through how to
manage challenges we're facing and just
make us more successful in the roles and
we always joke you know we're like the
support group we meet on Sundays and it
has been incredibly valuable as I've
sort of you know gone through the last
couple of years in my role at calendly
since then we've grown the group to
about 23 heads of products and cpos and
expanded the charter a bit which I think
is interesting to kind of help product
leaders not just be safe successful in
their current role but also how to think
about setting them up for success in the
role after this right and so we're
experimenting with a couple different
interesting ways to help product leaders
grow one of them is you know we're
actually partnering with some companies
right now to experiment with how can we
help them as they're looking to make
their first head of product higher or
their first CPO higher really hone in on
what they're looking for and partnering
with some Talent Partners we know to
really have to try to increase the
success that they find the right
candidates that's something interesting
we're doing uh we also launched a
recently launched a podcast covering
some topics like you know how do you
manage the next job search how do you
avoid burnout breaking down things like
equity and other kind of you know timely
topics and then also we just have a we
have an active Discord server where
we've got all sorts of channels from
topics like how to you know manage the
CEO CPO partnership compensation uh you
know even sharing planning uh even
sharing some advising opportunities or
other CPO roles that you know kind of
come across our radar so it's been a
really really really cool kind of
experiment to see how the power of the
community I know any of you do a ton of
stuff around Community you know how that
has helped all of us I think is just
more effective in our roles and feel
like we have a group of people who are
behind us supporting us during you know
what is a very hard role
I love this I imagine when people look
at a CPO they imagine they just like
know everything already they have a
bunch of friends in the same role but I
think in reality it's like kind of a
lonely role a lot of times and so I
could see the power of something like
this just to help people understand who
who would be a good fit for this how do
they go find it and yeah what's like the
site and the best thing to do is just
follow the skip community on LinkedIn
and then you know we're you know sort of
targeting sort of head of products that
you know call it series BEC and Beyond
up to you know late stage growth
companies and up to cpos so I'd say
start by kind of following the skip
community and if you see folks in there
who are in the group you know reach out
to them to get a sense of what it's like
and what it would be like to join and
then it sounds like if you're a company
hiring a CPO maybe reach out to or yeah
that'd be great that'd be great yeah
okay and they do that by going to
LinkedIn also and looking for the skip
Community yeah that'd be great okay cool
we'll put all the links in the show
notes as well well with that we've
reached our very exciting lightning
round I've got six questions for you are
you ready let's do it what are two or
three books that you recommend most to
other people playing to win so I I
referenced that one earlier good to
Great uh and hooked awesome what's a
favorite other podcast that you enjoy
other than maybe this podcast
I think I got introduced to you by Harry
from the 20 BC I think but if not either
way I'll cross promote his podcast uh
which is a great one yeah Harry is
responsible for this podcast I was on
his podcast and he's like Lenny you
gotta do it
I love it he's the Godfather of this
podcast yeah that's great what's a
favorite recent movie or TV show and you
cannot say wait Lotus
I have two young kids so whether I like
it or not sing too uh it's a great movie
especially if you have young children
sing too so it's like the second of sing
it is it is distinct from sing one sing
two is better it's better okay cool I
haven't I haven't seen them I I would
hope you haven't okay cool favorite
interview question that you like to ask
people you interview talk me through
your biggest product flop uh what
happened and what did you do about it
what do you look for in an answer what's
like a sign of something good in their
answer people being brutally honest
around how bad it was and why it failed
you know the rest of the interview
they're trying to tell you all the
wonderful things they did and all the
accomplishments they had and so I think
the RAR the answer in terms of how bad
it was and why the better awesome
next question I think you might have
answered voter's top five SAS products
used day to day either at work or home
whatever
slack Miro Loom pendo and Confluence
awesome and these are like actually
unlike other people's answers so that's
really interesting kind of a unique
stack you got there I love it final
question what's your best calendly pro
tip
yeah so we just launched a new feature
that I'm loving personally called
customize once and share so this really
allows you to make changes on the fly to
like an event type and tweak things like
title or duration or you know override a
date uh based on the person you're
actually sending it to without having to
go create a brand new event type just to
make one small change based on the
recipient so it's kind of that you know
one-off use case where you need to make
a little bit of a change on the Fly
depending on who you're sending it to
but you don't want to go through the
effort of creating a brand new event
type so I'm loving it and you should
check it out that is awesome I even need
that I find that I need to block dates
out and change times and I just like go
do that on my calendar versus accounting
there you go okay all right Annie this
is amazing we learned a ton about Callum
Lee growth product building two final
questions where can people find you
online if they want to learn more and
reach out maybe ask some questions and
two how can listeners be useful to you
finding me best place online is LinkedIn
and then in terms of uh being helpful to
me one we're hiring at calendly so
explore open roles on the product team
at calendly if you're interested share
any feedback for me on this episode at a
DOT Pearl calmly.com and then as we
talked about would love to have you
follow the skip community on LinkedIn as
well
awesome we'll have all those links in
the show notes Annie thank you again for
being here
so which Lenny hi everyone
thank you so much for listening if you
found if you found this valuable you can
subscribe to the show on Apple podcast
Spotify or your favorite podcast app
also please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast you can
find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennyspodcast.com
see you in the next episode